Humph ridiculous
Our top ten supplements of gold and silver last more than a thousand years
You know our assets
How big is the sum?
A mere team leader Weaver Girl, I'm afraid I'll kill you
Doesn't a big tree have to have a tree?
Besides, what I do is a U-turn business
In case something goes wrong
Then I have to give our Huang Yan an explanation?
I like it, don't worry, it's alright.
how
I can't bear Mr. Ye
You are forcing us not to give us a way to live
I am the Lord
It is disrespectful for you to call me Mr. Ye.
I don't care what the world thinks
Today you forced me to go to this faucet gate
Since you don't give me a way to live
How can I give you a way to live?
We know your background very well
You are nothing like standing on the top of the mountain
If you have a kind, let us be convinced
I made such a big commotion today
support add-on
To make the world shut up
In order to convince the world
Do you want to transfer this half of the assets or not?
We recognize
He's the real jazz warrior.
If the Holy Lord has a seed, let us be convinced
Okay, so I'll bet with you today.
How to bet
If I survive under this faucet gate
Then your ten ancient tribes
I want to be the dog under my feet
Have any funds
Family collapse